Of course the question is what will rebuild here.
Now we'll dive into the basics here.
Therefore of course here will build a relatively simple app.
But already showing a lot of the core features you got to know.
So the app will build here will be an app where you can save your goals for this course your course
goals they offer will start by adding an input field here where you are able to enter your goal and
of course then a button which adds it.
And then here will have these various items these various list items below that with your goals on them.
If you tap them that will delete the item so app on a tap that will be deleted but pressing that button.
We of course add an item and we'll also enhance does application good for all at this module so that
it also works a bit differently by the end of the module.
Then we'll just have a plus button here so to save.
And by pressing this button here we will open a modal which is an overlay over the screen where you
can then enter your goal.
And we still will have the output here.
But basically the inputs will be taken away from that main screen into that modal the idea of is of
course very trivial app here is that we get to know a lot of these core features these core components
you work with how to install these components how to work with such a modal and so on.
And we'll obviously build way more complex apps for the course of course.
So let's get started with this very trivial nonetheless super important and helpful application now.